Added EmberFest 2021 talks (#1761)
simplabs/simplabs.github.io: _appearances/2021-09-30-emberfest-2021/appearances/making-mira.md

---
title: 'Making Mira: an Intro to Animating the Web'
image: '/assets/images/talks/2021-09-30-emberfest-2021/making-mira.png'
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QHjN6abvphU
media: video
---

Mira is a robot created by Pixar artist Alonso Martinez, capable of recreating a

> great number of emotions and interactions. In this talk from EmberFest 2021,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
great number of emotions and interactions. In his talk,
```
